+++
date = "2008-11-10T10:54:00-08:00"
draft = false
title = "It Couldn't Be Her (Scrap 1)"
categories = ["Uncategorized"]
slug = "65"
+++

The world snapped level and into focus. Warm sunlight leaked in through the slanted metal blinds onto the cluttered floor and the blanket covering her. It was too hot. To her right sat the computer chair, turned open for the next time she needed to type a paper or surf the internet. All of this, she took in effortlessly when her body sprang itself up. It was while she was using all this sensory information to place herself when her body realized it had forgotten how to breathe. Her head snapped from side to side quickly, suffocating as it screamed for oxygen. When her body finally caught up it triggered a deep inhale that had never tasted so sweet. In a motion to rival that which woke her, her body laid back down gently. In her chest her heart still beat wildly from the event. She knew she was awake. She was safe and in her bed, and had only woken up after—the content of her dream returned from a temporary exile. Nails dug into her palms as she squeezed, clenching her jaw tighter than she knew possible. She wanted to scream for him, for this boy. It had only been a dream, right; all of it just data collected and filed by her mind?
She stretched her fingers out and closed her eyes. They were warm with tears. There was no way it had been a dream; no way could she have created that all on her own. But she was back in her room, wasn’t she? Were anyone to look, she would be found between her familiar sheets and beneath that same window she had slept under for over 17 years. In a short eternity of moments she opened her eyes and saw what was expected; however, it did not give the comfort of familiarity for which she longed. A minute passed, followed by another. Finally tapping into some unknown courage she slipped her feet out from the sheets, letting her body follow. Standing on legs unfit for movement, she managed to shuffle her way to the door.
<em>      I’m alone</em>, she noted, <em>no one from it is here</em>. Hardwood flooring met her carpeted room at the door frame and her foot, in turn, met the hardwood flooring. The drastic change in temperature made her stand on the balls of her feet. She briskly walked down the hall in her invisible heels. Pictures of the childhood she knew she had lived peered out from their plastic and glass prisons. A glance was an unnecessary act she thought might affirm her dream theory but the dream would not be shaken from her thoughts. His fear flowed through her veins, their adrenaline shared as it pumped through their joint heart. The effects seemed to be waning though, enough that maybe soon her body would calm itself. She waited.
