+++
date = "2011-09-18T11:55:00-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Untitled Short"
categories = ["Flash Fiction"]
slug = "54"
+++

It couldn’t have been heaven because the lighting was all wrong. All he could see was a pale mauve stretching beyond comprehension and not a light to be found. But he knew if something were to be seen in the distance it would be. Eventually his eyes found his feet standing on top of the same mauve to which he’d awoken. There was no shadow and there was no brightness. To be honest there was not much of anything and this began to unnerve him.

<!-- more -->
"Had you expectations of a grander scale?"
The voice, as if from every possible angle, inquired smugly. He looked to either side and even above him before he finally turned his head around. The mauve was interrupted in a decent walk’s distance by something that had trouble deciding if it was a door or an archway. Beside it, there was a person standing half as tall as the door-arch itself. The distance threw him off (but this was to be expected of anyone in their first few moments after death). He called back with a voice initially much louder than necessary, “WHAT IS THIS place?”
They began to either smile or sneer. Whatever it was it caused him to feel angry that he didn’t know. And how didn’t he know? He felt he had been here all his life but his mind had not yet caught up. But this person, they knew he’d feel angry. They wanted him to feel angry.
"You need not shout; one can hear another no matter how far they venture."
"I <em>need not</em> a lecture because it isn’t like I know.” His voice, much lower this time, carried from him with no resistance. Sound worked much differently than he was used to though he was starting to forget why he was used to anything else. It didn’t matter at the moment. What mattered was the distant being who was unendingly vexing. He began walking toward the door-arch only to find himself standing before what was neither a door nor an arch: it was the mouth to a cave. And the cave was much taller now that he was in front of it. This, of course, meant the person was much taller.
"And yet you do. You know more than you think but think less than you know. Did you know that? Or did you think it?" The giant finished their riddle and grinned down at him. The eyes staring into his were as mauve as the distance around him and would blend into the surroundings were their skin not a rich, golden cacao. He wanted to not like the person but found he must have already developed an affinity for them. Yet still the words came out.
"I can’t think what I don’t know. And what I want to know so that I might be able to think on it, is what is this place?"
"It is where you have always been."
"Then why do I feel like I haven’t?"
"You have experienced a swim in what was known to you as ‘time’ but that is no more. As we speak, understanding brews within. For the rest, there is another to reintegrate you. We join her shortly."
The stare was broken as the being walked to what was now the exit of the place and stepped through. He wished to know more but felt the truth knifing at his brain. Turning, he followed out the “cave” (how silly it was to call it that before) and the mauve was no more. Where there had been distance there was now tree-covered mountains, grassy plains beneath the feet of hundreds of people, and buildings. There were no walls to these buildings but they were covered by a roof. What held the roof up was unseen and mattered little and less.
The person now filled with purpose took off toward one of these covered spaces. Had he a choice he would have followed anyway but he was behind the person the entire way. Traversing a distance was no longer like the mauve room and required patience to reach the destination. He felt it familiar to what he was used to; but what else would he have been used to? Confusion was unusual in this place and he wished he knew how to rid himself of it.
They stopped in a room (as the roof-covered spots were called) near the entrance to a forest. Familiarity sprung into his eyes and his mind raced to take it all in. There was flashes of walks, of conversations with elders amongst the trees, of a “once was.” But there was no “once” and there was no “was” because it had never ended. He could feel those walks right now and something in his head seemed to be reaching for it as if it could grab on and bring him fully into those moments.
"Athel, did you enjoy your life?"
The woman was laying before him on a wooden bed. The idea of clothes whispered into his head before he realized covering oneself made no sense. Her hair was straight and black like sleep. It flowed down in front of her and sat in a pile near his feet. In an instant he picked it up and was running his fingers through it. He was not exactly sure why just yet but he knew it would come.
"I.. yes. It was a good life."
The being who brought him took their place in the chair next to the bed and closed their eyes.
"Shaxol speaks as if you were incapable of separating from it. You appear to be doing fine."
The thick hair felt wonderful against his skin. He sat on the ground and began to braid it lazily. He knew he had already replied but had trouble grabbing that thread and bringing himself into that moment. After some struggle it arrived and he forgot what trouble it was.
"Shaxol preys upon those who come up for air. Were they to ever experience life for themself the game would be less amusing."
From the person in the chair came a light chuckle. He knew Shaxol would never concede to enter the life place. They were comfortable enough being a watcher and living a life seemed to have limits on what a person could be; Shaxol did not have a want to know any life other than Shaxol’s.
"Abandoning myself to be assigned some role in a place we pretend to understand has no feasibility. I remain Shaxol."
Athel and the woman smiled, knowing this to be true. They themselves had known curiosity countless times and as such became man and woman. It was their preference now to stay their way.
"Well you must breathe deeply our sweet air. Living the lives of the human is enjoyable but not at the expense of our self."
A knowing smile stretched across Athel’s lips and he tugged her hair playfully.
"The risk of such is half the fun."
