+++
description = "Disclaimer: this post had a point when I started. Can't say it did by the end. Attempt to read at your own peril."
series = []
categories = ["blogs"]
date = "2016-04-29T02:28:00-07:00"
title = "some notes on me"
slug = "some-notes-on-me"
layout = "post"

+++

I've decided that it's time to finally stop lying to myself about relationships. Making a single other person happy for the rest of my lifetime is so specifically not feasible I am upset I never unpacked this idea earlier.
<!--more-->
Disclaimer: this post had a point when I started. Can't say it did by the end. Attempt to read at your own peril.

I cheated on my first boyfriend almost two months into our relationship. At GSA camp, with my roommate. I wasn't exactly proud of the whole event considering Daniel was down the hall. (In fact, I couldn't even look at him and asked if I could ride back to San Francisco in a separate car.) He was ready to talk it out and smooth things over, but I wasn't. By then I wanted to die. Well, really I wanted to understand how I could sabotage a relationship and not feel bad in the moment. *Then* die. From there my first suicidal thoughts involved a breadknife and a toaster.

After Daniel came Nathan. And I remember so little of our relationship which is probably why it ended. But not before I drove two towns over to confront him at the Baskin Robbins where he worked. "Do we have something we need to talk about, Nathan?!" I nearly shouted as I shot through the doors with my eyes locked on his behind the counter. He took his fifteen a little earlier than expected. I can't even remember what prompted the trip but I think he had been texting some shit and one of his friends had asked me about it. Don't we all love a little post-shit-talking confrontation?

By Jacob I was a *mature* young man, ready for a real relationship. He was five-years-older than me and we met at *church*. Not, as history had repeated twice by that point, stalking each other over MySpace. (Which, in retrospect, was really the safest way I was gonna meet another gay dude back then. Disregarding a rather upsetting MySpace-based affair when I was fourteen. Off-topic.) The joke here being that I was seventeen when I met Jacob: freshly-tested out of high-school and failing almost every class at the community college. He had wanted to wait to get more serious until I was eighteen. We made out maybe four times and I think I felt under his shirt once. *And that shit lasted three damn months*. Totally adult relationship.

Here we take a nice long breath and examine some interesting years devoted to Jesus. Jesus was totally my boyfriend throughout three summers of camp counseling, moving to Oregon, briefly living with one best-friend, moving to Idaho, meeting and kidnapping another best-friend, and hand-in-hand moving back to Oregon. Curious, though, that this is also the time I made great use of the still-in-infancy Grindr and, unfortunate to say, Craigslist. Some great sexual experiences I survived during those years. Totally cheated on boyfriend-Jesus (but man did I learn about *dick*.)

When Lauren snorted himself into my life (see: a very old tumblr post) I had been pretty-much single for five years. I was a jaded Christian and he was an adorable older man with *so many* deeply set problems. I dated him for the longest span of time yet because I was so set on fixing him. Here is where I started dating dudes twice. But, as the circle comes back around, I cheated for the first time since I was 15. I knew the relationship was over but I struggled with ending it a second and final time given how badly it ended the first time. So I let myself indulge in someone else.

We broke up, he gave me chlamydia in our post-breakup hookup (because of-fucking-course he did), and I met someone new. A strangely exhilarating man that I let myself fall deeply in love with. He had the terrible name I had given up for myself as a youth (*Mike*, a name I woulda punched you for calling me). I let myself get strung along in a very imbalanced relationship because I was so enamored with this guy. Needless to say, he was the first guy to break up with me and boy was I wrecked. Crying at work wrecked. Having to race to the bathroom at work because some dude came in smelling exactly like him, wrecked. For months. He abruptly moved across the country without telling me. It was an awful and disgusting time.

Mike's presence loomed over my next relationship because why wouldn't it? Why wouldn't the loneliness of being rejected drive me into another man's arms, only serving to cast a long shadow on that relationship as well. Chris, well, I tried something new with Chris: younger guys. He wasn't yet 21 but boy was he cute. Things went well until they didn't. Mike texted me for the first time since he left and I had to run to a bathroom to throw up. It was literally like a movie scene and I am embarrassed even admitting it. There was still something he held over me and it was gross. I broke up with Chris soon after that. Well, kind of. With him I tried to "be friends with my ex". On the New Year's following our breakup we reconnected and hooked up. That led to a very slow descent back into a relationship by the summer. But it was comfortable and warm. And for once, between him and I, it wasn't shadowed by my hangups on the dude before.

But then it got boring. And by the time he broke up with me (in the middle of a steak!) it just kinda made sense. I was already on the precipice of a depressive cycle and it was best he not be a part of it. Our breakup was a lot messier a week later though. He wanted to talk so I invited him out to have a drink. He seemed to think I wanted to get back together (? not quite) and wanted to let me know that he thought my life was going nowhere. I got drunk and coerced him into hooking up. Good lord, how healthy that was. The next day I walked into my doctor's office to talk about working on my depression. I wish I could say he had no part in it but he had finally lit the fire underneath me to do something about it. I'm thankful on that part.

After a couple of months I almost felt like a different person. The SSRI was definitely doing its job (and also making me yawn incessantly, and let's not even talk about sex) and I felt alive again. Enough so that I let my best friends convince me into going to a party with a bunch of *youths*. With beer pong and loud music and *jungle juice*. But I met Josh there. A young cutie that I ended up eventually including in conversations and playing coy footsies with. We were the last two to leave and when we got out of the building and went to turn our separate ways, I said "Oh, I'm Mat by the way," and *I shook his fucking hand*. He fell in love with me on the spot, of course.

Josh was different. It was winter and I should have been depressed. I invited him to the Thanksgiving meal I was making at the Outback where I worked. (Closed on Thanksgiving.) I wooed him with my cooking, as one does all Taurean men, and we DTR'd that night.

**However**,

Mike had moved back into town at this point. He wanted to reconnect (and bone) and of course I let it happen. We reconnected, we boned, but made it all clear that we were just friends. And then I dropped the bombshell that I had met someone and I learned that they knew each other. Mike had been Josh's boss when Josh was an RA. They had some bad blood. And Mike had lied. Maybe it was because of Josh and maybe it was because he thought we were taking things slowly, but he was hurt to find out I was seeing Josh. He drunkenly approached me in the bathroom at a bar downtown and plead his case. After he shed some tears I knew I needed to leave and I grabbed Josh and made for higher ground.

It put a dampener on things for sure. Even though I was focused on Josh, he was hung up on the fact that I still talked to Mike. It understandably caused some issues that I tried my best to explain but alas, it ended just after Valentine's Day for us. Mike welcomed me with open arms but it just felt empty.

Even now it feels empty. I haven't talked to Mike in weeks and I've blamed it on withdrawal from that SSRI. A half-truth. The reality is that I eventually started talking to Josh and things perked up a bit that it seemed like we were reconnecting and properly talking about things. But when it came down to hanging out for the first time since the breakup, I couldn't even drive all the way home. There was no way I was going to keep cycling between my exes when I wouldn't even acknowledge the problem. I cannot give them what they want: me, exclusively and entirely. I did my best to explain that to Josh but he was still upset. He had every right to be. I just knew that it wasn't going to go anywhere productive because I finally realized that dating me isn't productive. Or rather, that letting me try on exclusive monogamous relationships is really just asking the other person to accept that when things get sexually complicated down the road, they better be ready to cut and run first if they want to get away with the least amount of drama.

I want to love somebody. I want to love Chris, Mike, and Josh. On some levels even now I still do. But they want me in a way I can't give them. Being sexually tied to one person works great until I start to feel like I am not able to give them what they want. Because damn do they want it all the time. My libido creaks along like an old pull-cart just begging to be made scrap for the fire. Nothing excites me for long and most days I am entirely okay with not even thinking about sex. Which of course men interpret as something they are doing wrong. God, thinking about it all over again makes me wish I could become a nun.

I lost all track with this post. It became a late-night stream of consciousness kind of thing.
